Metrics query release notes (#1596)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2023-02-13-metrics-query.md

---
title: Multiple Metrics Query Support in SLOs
image: https://www.sumologic.com/img/logo.svg
keywords:
  - sumo logic
  - service release notes
  - slo
  - metrics
hide_table_of_contents: true
authors:
  - url: https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml
    image_url: /img/release-notes/rss-orange.png
---

> We have added support for multiple metrics queries for the threshold-based definition for the "Query" field in the SLI definition. You can use it for generating derived time series using arithmetic operations with the help of [joins](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/metrics/introduction/joins/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have added support for multiple metrics queries for the threshold-based definition for the **Query** field in the SLI definition. You can use it to generate derived time series using arithmetic operations with the help of [`joins`](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/metrics/introduction/joins/).
```

> Multiple metrics queries can be defined from scratch on the SLO editor and the metrics page and imported to the SLO editor via the "Create an SLO" menu option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple metrics queries can be defined from scratch on the SLO editor and the metrics page and imported to the SLO editor via the **Create an SLO** menu option.
```
